The last night we spent together, when we both knew it was over,
and you called me that name that only you had for me, that sound
more than a name that you'd never say in front of anyone else; I'm
sorry I turned away and cried and asked you why you called me that.
I didn't mean ever, I didn't mean I'd always hated the name, I meant
that name meant so much to me, but I knew soon no one would ever
call me that again and it hurt more than I could bear.

Even though cold is colder. Far is further. Now is longer. Even though
it takes so long to dig myself out of you. I still dig.

Now I'm awake and you're here.
Now I'm dreaming and you're here.
Now I have nothing but days.
Never nights.

I guess you're proud of yourself for not trying to change me, even
though all I ever wanted to do, was change.

I know you have feelings left somewhere. But they're all so hard
to reach.

I keep thinking you already know. I keep thinking I've send you letters
that were only ever written in my mind.

Late at night, when your brain is tired of thinking of everything else,
you will find me there. You cannot throw me far enough away.

You taught me how to be alone.
And I learned my lesson, in your absence.

Truth is the last thing I can take because it's the last thing you took.

You were better to the ones that were worse for you. And worse to
the one that was better for you.

I know I'm only borrowing it, I know I have to give Summer back to
you. Just as you, have to give Winter back to me.

When you lived here, it was a city.
When you left, it became a town.

You're just another story I can't tell anymore.

The little things you forget, kill me.

The only reason I hate you now is because I loved you then.

You were a dream. Then a reality. Now a memory.

If you can't let go, you can't our your heart back in your chest.

This isn't me missing you. This is me missing the me I used to be.
This isn't me.

This. This is what happens when you talk like a stranger to the person
you once loved.

I have cut off larger parts of myself than you before.

You keep telling me to be glad for what we had while we had it. That
the brightest flame burns quickest.
Which means you saw us as a candle. And I saw us as the sun.
